I'm fooling around
You blame this woman
It's my husband.
Mine, I'm tired today.
I don't want to accompany you
Vexatious
Do you know what he did?
They all changed my clothes
Shame me in front of everyone
I don't have it.
Madam, this is a mouse caught in the cloakroom.
Your cheongsam should have been bitten by him.
Impossible. Why are there rats in the cloakroom?
You must have done it when you were late
No, I really don't.
Enough, Uncle Li
Did you know that you're acting like a shrew right now?
Apologize to him.
Brother, you asked me to apologize to such an inferior person
Why are you being so polite?
Ok, I know.
Did you seduce my husband?
Enough, you humiliate him in public
Slander one's husband
How can there be a little bit of Ye Family Supervisor?
From today onwards
You are no longer a side effect of the Night Market Foundation
Mom, I'm sorry.
Broke your favorite cheongsam
Daughter swears
I will definitely dig out your double skin with my own hands
Fix your pores